---
description: Meet our Co-Payers
---

# 🖊 Co-Payers

**TC CONTENT EDITOR:** Dan\
\
_Hello all, hope you are having a GREAT godda— just kidding, that’s tater’s line. I copy everyone because I’m a NOOB to crypto. My background is in the oil & gas industry as well as business management. I started investing in 2019 when an obsession with Tesla (Elon’s company) piqued my interest in disruptive innovation. Understanding the fundamental changes that this company would bring to mankind and then seeing it rewarded by a meteoric stock rise gave me a new passion to pursue. By fate and chance, I met and became great friends with the founders of Crypto Yams and learned everything I thought I knew about crypto was just NOOB sh\*\*. After just a month or two, I made up for all my prior losses and became profitable. The founders then graciously gave me a spot in their new project, in which I see the same potential for disruptive innovation. Will we become the next Trillion Dollar company? Probably not, but we could make our clients a trilli. The outcome of that, my friends, rests in your hands. Happy trading!_\
\
**CRYPTO YAM LORD & INFLUENCER:** Jay Trades Crypto\
\
_Hello, my name is Jay. I am so excited to be a part of the Triple Confirmation team! In 2020, I was introduced to crypto for the very first time. I found myself to be a little bit confused because there was so much information out there. Eventually, I found The Baked Potato and I watched a video of him using the Triple Confirmation strategy. I thought to myself, “Wow, a strategy that actually works? I need to learn more!” So, I joined the Crypto Yams discord channel, and from there I found my community- I found my crypto home. They are welcoming, and educational, and we have a ton of fun together! I tell ya, I couldn’t be happier to have the Triple Confirmation token be established here, and I need everyone to realize that they need a crypto home too, and why they should join the Crypto Yams, and the Triple Confirmation community!_\
\
**CRYPTO YAM LORD:** Chris Goldstein\
\
_Hello guys! My name is Chris Goldstein. I bought my first pieces of Bitcoin and Ethereum in 2018, but I didn’t know how to use cryptocurrencies properly and knew nothing about their impact. At that time, I concentrated on building my own company in the financial sector and trading forex. After a long day of work, I have found a YouTube Livestream of The Baked Potato. I was impressed by what he said, like trading Bitcoin correctly, using divergences, convergences, and other stuff. His friendly manner convinced me to join the Crypto Yams discord the next day. From that day on, I became addicted to the Triple Confirmation strategy. My trading skills evolved to another level, and my private and business lives also did so. Nowadays, I am living life the way I always wanted to live, with the possibility to give something back every day and every week. I am so thankful for everything the Crypto Yam community gave me, and it became my family. These are the reasons why I became a co-payer. This has been the best journey of my life, and I am curious and ready for the path ahead of us. I know that it will be great. Once a crypto yam, always a crypto yam._\
\
**CRYPTO YAM DISCORD ADMIN:** MRBUDD\
\
_Hello, I’m MrBUDD, that nickname came from a friend’s bearded dragon that he named Bud, I was looking for a cool Gamertag at the time and thus the MrBUDD name was born. I’ve been using it ever since and even though its meaning has evolved, it still means that I am an easy-going guy just wanting to be a good person, to be there for my friends and family. (And maybe a bit of 420 :P). I started my crypto journey back in late 2009, I read up on how you could “mine” this virtual currency. So, I started mining on one of the high school computers, and after a few hours, I had some Bitcoin. I can’t remember how much I mined but when I looked at the value it was negligible, so I dismissed it (Whoops!). I forgot about crypto until 2017 when I really started to realize the real value of BTC and cryptocurrency. I started doing more research on it and got together with Potato to see how we could start investing, trading, making money, etc. We did not get off to a good start on our journey, sucked into Bitconnect, and a couple of other scams. Learned the lesson the hard way. So we started to focus on trading and strategies, but we made the mistake of trading leverage, which we regularly got rekt. Learning from all of these very expensive lessons, we took a small break from crypto to re-evaluate the goal. We started off with the “get rich quick” mindset to long-term, steady gains. Unfortunately, I got busy with life and work, and because I lost most of my investments, decided to take a longer-term break. Potato, however, persevered and started working on a foolproof strategy that would eliminate emotion and just focus on the technicals. This is where Potato started his youtube and discord journey. I was ready to come back to crypto, help him out as best I can, to learn what he had to teach, and to pass that knowledge on to others! The group has grown from just a handful to over 2 thousand and growing. I’m so proud of what Potato and the team have accomplished and it has only just begun, I can’t wait for what the future holds for Crypto Yams and TCC. My hope is to spread our knowledge to as many people as we can so that more people can free themselves from fiat, inflation, stress, depression, and be financially prosperous so that they can spend more of their precious time with friends and family!_\
\
**TRADING BOT DEVELOPMENT:** Trendespresso\
\
_Hey guys, Trendespresso here. I first got introduced to cryptocurrencies in late summer 2017 when a group of friends started discussing “these new revolutionary money projects that everybody and nobody owned.” I kept hearing the words “Ethereum,” “Cardano,” “blockchain,” and “crypto.” Over the next few weeks, I asked question after question to my friends and Googled a bunch more. There I found myself in September 2017 hitting the big green button on Ethereum. What a time! My roommates also started investing in crypto around the same time but after getting brutally burned in 2018 I was the only one who stuck around. The quiet years are the best time to acquire long-term holdings. Late 2020 brought a new bull run and with it all the stress I vividly felt in late 2017. I was determined to learn the craft of trading to have a more active role in my investments and to better stay up-to-date on the market. Having never traded before I scoured the internet for the best trading strategies. Nothing really clicked until I found The Baked Potato and his Triple Confirmation strategy in early 2021. WOW! I was so impassioned by my trading results and the incredibly welcoming Crypto Yams community that I went all-in coding the TC signal into TradingView. One thing led to another and here I am coding the entire strategy as a standalone platform. I’m totally stoked for us to take the TC community to the top. From one Yam to another: LFG!_\
\
**COMMUNITY GROWTH:** TheBakedPotato\
\
_“Herzlich Willkommen y’all”, SlumdogE here. This greeting explains my life pretty well, as I moved from Germany to the USA about four years ago. My first experience with Crypto was on Silkroad and the “dark web”, I didn’t really take it seriously back then. I never thought that I would find a community that will change my life ten years later. But what have I done in the ten years in between? I worked in the hospitality industry, that was my life. I trained as a hotel manager, barista, bartender, and chef. Over the years, I privately taught myself website design, graphic design, and coding. A few years later, I discovered a love for charities and non-profits and turned my hobby into a career. The company “Charketing” was born; this company specialized in providing websites and other marketing materials to nonprofits at low cost or even free of charge. One thing led to another, and I was elected as a board member of an international volunteer organization; pretty much at the same time, I rediscovered crypto for myself and found old wallets again, which of course, were now worth a lot more. I quickly realized that I could build a new life for myself without the shackles of the private sector, so I went to Texas for a year to volunteer in a camp for disadvantaged youth. There I met my future wife and decided to stay here in the USA after we started dating. At the end of 2020, I found BakedPotato on Youtube by accident and immediately realized what a good and honest person BakedPotato was; one thing led to another and I ended up on the then BakedPotato discord server and immediately tried to help him to turn this community into something even greater. Together with the help of the community, we created the “Crypto Yams,” after that I programmed the “Triple Confirmation A”-Tradingview Indicator, which Trendespresso perfected, which made the Triple Confirmation Strategy even better additionally we as a community created the “Crypto Yam Sessions,” which then became a podcast, which until today offers new content 3 days a week. The idea to automate Potato’s strategy was born when we saw the great success of our community every day. And here we are, with our first community token and on our way to catapult “Crypto Trading” to new heights. I am excited to see what we can achieve together and even more excited to meet every one of you and your stories_

\
More Information on [https://tripleconfirmation.com](https://tripleconfirmation.com)\
